hey Internet fam you know me as Sarah
deechi rhymes with peachy the youtuber
and professional internet er who either
lives in Nashville or Dallas or New York
very confusing but this is a film my
life video like a draw my life but for
the people who can't draw aka me I was
born August 11th 1994 and raised in
Grapevine Texas I have an awesome mom
and dad and a brother three and a half
years younger than me I come from a long
line of gingers dad worked mom stayed at
home I'm insanely blessed that I never
had to worry about a roof over my head
or fruit on the table
most of my extended family lives in
Texas so I grew up around a lot of
family and a lot of love sports
technology and music have always been a
huge part of my life I was kind of a
hyper kid in elementary average when it
came to school and always playing
football with the boys during recess I
was a major tomboy ages 0 through 18
were full of awkward hair faces of front
bangs never again never again after
playing one softball game at the age of
5 I decided baseball was more of my pace
and I played boys baseball all
throughout elementary school sports were
my jam baseball softball basketball
volleyball I was all about it at the age
of 12 I put all of my chips into
basketball I was going to be a pro point
guard they called me sista hoops lol
sista hoops I only wore Air Jordan
twenties the the double X's those were
the only shoes I wore when I when I came
to basketball I was known for the bright
colored duct tape I would have to strap
around my shoes to hold him together yay
sports ball I took my schoolwork very
seriously as well and let out my
remaining energy and theater class and
baby sitting on the weekends at an early
age my parents were great about
communicating
if I wanted that PSP or guitar well I'd
have to get a job I hustled my way
around my neighborhood getting
babysitting and nannying jobs I was
refereeing 12 year old basketball games
as a 12 year old they couldn't pay me
yet but you bet I was around when they
could when music became a bigger part of
my life I gave guitar lessons I loved
middle school every everything was great
but high school high school was full of
learning experiences and awkwardness I
suddenly wasn't the best basketball
player playing guitar and music became a
bigger part of my life I loaded my
schedule with pre AP and AP classes must
graduate and top 10% must get perfect a
CT score I no longer had a core group of
school friends my school was full of a
lot of great humans I just found myself
on the basketball court or at band
practice or studying or working on the
weekends to be honest there were a lot
of miserably lonely nights after
quitting basketball halfway throughout
high school which was a huge huge deal
during that time I got really involved
playing guitar in my church band and
that's where I found my core group of
friends towards the end of high school
at the age of 16 I formed a band with my
buds called the bad habits cool nin
right we wrote and recorded original
music and perform in small Deep Ellum
clubs on Sunday nights I would always
feel so cool rolling in to first period
English and Monday
X's on my hands guitar saved me from the
lameness that was high school music was
my safe haven and gateway into the
craziness that is the creative world
every school project that came up I
would make some sort of video montage or
rap music video photo video was always a
means of expression for me but something
I didn't take seriously until graduating
high school the money from babysitting
and the other miscellaneous jobs
resulted in quite a collection of guitar
gear that later funded my photo/video
ventures I was constantly buying and
reselling gear via craigslist and ebay
always about that hustle life after a
miserable senior year of a CT prep and
college visits the hard work paid off
and I had graduated top 10% with a
slammin a CT score okay fantastic
see you never high school it was real I
was so excited to get out but every
college I visited had that same
fish-out-of-water feeling I experienced
in high school I was burnt out on this
whole school thing but I am a math
science dork so I can't waste my smarts
I got an engineering merit scholarship
to a local college and since college was
financially on me living at home and
milking the free roof over my head and
mom's cooking sounded ideal so I pursued
my responsible electrical engineering
degree and explored this photo/video
thing further on the side I continued to
work a lot since I wasn't worried about
paying for rent or tuition I poured
everything I earned into traveling
camera gear I became obsessed
there was this entire world out there
beyond my Texas bubble to be discovered
and it was freaking exciting I was still
spending a lot of time volunteering at
my church in a band and on video shoots
I took on leadership roles and absorbed
as much creativity and knowledge about
music and filmmaking as I could I was
becoming enthralled with this world of
working and learning and exploring
outside the context of sitting in a
classroom long story short I hated
college I kept convincing myself it was
the right thing to do because I still
had
clue what I wanted to do in life two
years into college I switched my major
from electrical engineering to computer
science thinking that would solve all of
my problems but this filmmaking thing
this filmmaking thing was becoming more
than just a hobby the travel and camera
tutorial videos I posted on YouTube were
getting some traction and I was also
getting these freelance jobs here and
there I skipped school to fly to
California for a creativity conference I
started skipping a lot of class and
showing up late because I would be up
all night editing a video I got more
into YouTube and event videography after
watching a three-part Gizmodo studio
tour of this random filmmaker named
Casey Neistat who had a YouTube channel
with a couple hundred thousand
subscribers I became obsessed with the
docu-series idea that would highlight an
artist while showing off their creative
space I shall call it creative spaces TV
fast forward a couple years and I
decided to road trip to Nashville to
visit some people and film their
creative friends for the first season of
creative spaces TV yes I was still in
college but this was way more
interesting after releasing the first
three episodes I was determined to take
this YouTube thing seriously January
2015 I committed to a once a week upload
schedule after making YouTube videos
periodically starting in 2011 in August
of 2015
amazing humans and creative
opportunities led me to move for the
first time from Grapevine Texas to
Nashville Tennessee the side hustle
became too real and the thought of
sitting in a classroom literally made me
sick to my stomach dropping out of
college had never even entered my mind
until now even though I grew to hate
school I always tried hard and did well
but I was also at a financial fork in
the road
no more scholarship money no more
outside income at all for rent or food I
had invested the majority of my income
and travel and gear I either go into
debt for a degree that was my plan B or
I try literally pursuing my dreams I
suddenly realized that making videos was
something I could do for a living of
course it wouldn't be all rainbows and
unicorns but I had endurance to put in
the grind and hustle because I loved it
and I had been pouring into the craft
for quite some time January 2016 I drop
out of college luckily my parents were
very supportive because I had proven
myself cuz far they were like cool Sara
do it we believe in you but now I needed
bigger jobs that would pay rent and
insurance and all those other adulting
things I started working with a creative
agency on corporate edits that were
boring but paid I also doubled down on
my youtube channel and another
opportunity that sounded like a long
shot but I was secretly banking on it to
jumpstart my career as an independent
content creator this crazy opportunity
was the Adobe Creative residency one
year where the company that makes
software that I use every day to edit my
videos and pictures will back my
creative projects and allow me the
freedom to just create and share the
process along the way after two months
of straight hustle and no sleep things
started happening I flew up to the Adobe
offices for the final interviews for the
creative residency during this time a
video I made titled how to Casey Neistat
a vlog was going a tad viral after an
insane shoutout from Casey himself while
I was gaining this new epic internet
family of awesome human beings that's
you guys you're awesome
I was also preparing for my next year of
creating as an Adobe Creative resident
that's right I got the gig now I'm in
the process of moving to New York City
as well as making more creative spaces
TV and that creative life episodes while
daily vlogging well that last part is
new information I have listened to you
and next week I start daily vlogging
Monday through Friday I'm a little
scared but also very
be excited hopefully I can inspire you
to hustle your heart out for the things
you want in life
I think daily vlogs appeal to a larger
audience and I look forward to taking
this journey with you as you pursue your
own hopes and dreams or if you just want
to be entertained
hopefully these daily vlogs will all be
somewhat entertaining all right well
that was a film my life by me Sara DG
let me know if you like this video and
make sure to hit that subscribe button
down below for daily blogs daily vlogs
starting next week and all things
creative spaces and that creative life
you guys have a killer day and I will
see you in the next one